ShinyBroker Software License Agreement

Copyright (c) 2025 Jacob Vestal

This Software License Agreement (the "License") governs the use of ShinyBroker
(the "Software"), a platform integrating with Posit’s Shiny framework and
Interactive Brokers’ API for developing trading applications, provided by Jacob
Vestal (the "Licensor"). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the
Software, you (the "Licensee") agree to be bound by the terms of this License.

Definitions

"Paper Account" refers to a simulated, non-live, or demo trading account
provided by Interactive Brokers or similar platforms, where no real funds or
assets are transacted or at risk. "Live Account" refers to an account involving
real funds or assets used for actual trading or transactions through Interactive
 Brokers or similar platforms.

License Grant for Paper Account Usage
Subject to the terms of this License, the Licensor grants the Licensee a
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable license to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
solely when the Software is used with a Paper Account, under the following MIT
License terms:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this Software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Restriction on Live Account Usage
The Licensee is expressly prohibited from using the Software with a Live
Account unless the Licensee has obtained prior written permission from the
Licensor. Any use of the Software with a Live Account without such permission
is unauthorized and constitutes a material breach of this License. The Licensor
reserves all rights not expressly granted, including the exclusive right to
authorize use of the Software with Live Accounts.

Compliance and Verification
The Licensee agrees to configure the Software in accordance with the provided
documentation, including proper setup of the Interactive Brokers Trader
Workstation (TWS) API settings (e.g., enabling socket connections on port 7497
for paper accounts or 7496 for live accounts). The Licensor may require
verification of compliance with the Paper Account restriction, and the Licensee
agrees to provide reasonable evidence of such compliance upon request.

Termination
This License is effective until terminated. The License will terminate
immediately without notice from the Licensor if the Licensee breaches any
provision, including unauthorized use with a Live Account. Upon termination,
the Licensee must cease all use of the Software, delete all copies in their
possession or control, and certify such deletion if requested by the Licensor.

Governing Law
This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of North Carolina, United States, without regard to its conflict of
law principles.

Contact Information
For requests to use the Software with a Live Account or for inquiries regarding
this License, contact the Licensor at license@shinybroker.com.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the copyright holders, Duke
University, and thier respective affiliates, officers, employees, agents, and
contributors, shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
 consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits, data, use,
goodwill, or other intangible losses, arising out of or in connection with (i)
use of or inability to use the software; (ii) any documentation, articles,
academic papers or other materials related to the software; (iii) any other
material relating to the software or associated materials, whether based on
warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory,
even if advised of the possiblility of such damages.

NON-ENDORSEMENT and NON-GUARANTEED PERFORMANCE CLAUSE
Software authors, contributors and copyright holders, and Duke University,
its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, and contributors do not endorse,
sponsor, or recommend Software or any related software, documentation, or
materials in any manner. No statements, representations, or implications of
endorsement by Duke University, whether in publications, posts, or any other
medium, shall be construed as an endorsement or approval of Software.
Furthermore, Software authors, contributors and copyright holders, and Duke
University do not guarantee, warrant, or assume any responsibility for the
performance, functionality, reliability, or suitability of Software, its
documentation, or associated materials, even if contrary statements appear in
any publication, post, or other source. ShinyBroker represents the independent
scholarship of the authors/creators and is not sponsored by or attributed to
Duke University. ANY USE OF SHINYBROKER IS AT THE USER’S SOLE RISK. Software
authors, contributors and copyright holders, and Duke University disclaim all
liability for any issues arising from such use, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. In no event shall Duke University be liable to you, the
user, or any other individual or entity, whether such liability is based on
contract, negligence, strict liability in tort, warranty, or any other legal
or equitable theory, for relieve arising out of or relating the use of
Shinybroker.  Further, in no event shall Duke University be responsible or
liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages
or lost profits or other economic loss or damage with respect to Shinybroker to
you, the user, or any other individual or entity regardless of legal or
equitable theory.
