.flake8
.flake8-critical
.gitattributes
.gitignore
.lint.conf
.readthedocs.yaml
CHANGELOG
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
NOTICE
README.md
optional-requirements.txt
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
requirements.txt
rtd-requirements.txt
setup.py
.github/CODEOWNERS
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
.github/ci-scripts/before_install.sh
.github/ci-scripts/before_install_macos.sh
.github/ci-scripts/merge.sh
.github/workflows/autodeploy.yml
.github/workflows/beta-master.yml
.github/workflows/bugfix.yml
.github/workflows/develop.yml
.github/workflows/feature-branches.yml
.github/workflows/reuseable-main.yml
CI/github_deploy_key.enc
CI/push.sh
CI/send-email
doc/LICENSE.rst
doc/Makefile
doc/NOTICE.rst
doc/README.md
doc/conf.py
doc/index.rst
doc/subpackage_hierarchy.pdf
doc/_templates/index.rst
doc/_templates/python/attribute.rst
doc/_templates/python/class.rst
doc/_templates/python/data.rst
doc/_templates/python/exception.rst
doc/_templates/python/function.rst
doc/_templates/python/method.rst
doc/_templates/python/module.rst
doc/_templates/python/package.rst
doc/_templates/python/property.rst
doc/notes/formatter.md
doc/notes/python3.md
doc/notes/repotools/hooks.md
doc/notes/repotools/pylint.md
doc/notes/repotools/test.md
jupyter_notebooks/FAQ.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/START_HERE.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/1QGST-InterpolatedOps.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2QGST-CreatingModels.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2QGST-ErrorBars.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/2QGST-RunningIt.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/BootstrappedErrorBars.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/CirqIntegration.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/ContextDependence.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/FisherInformation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/GOpt-AddingNewOptimizations.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/GOpt-NonIdealTargets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Leakage-automagic.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Leakage-manual.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/MCFE-Example.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/MPI-GermSelection.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/MPI-RunningGST.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/ModelMemberGraph.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/QutritGST.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/Reports-LGSTonly.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/.git_placeholder
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/dataTemplate_qutrit_maxL=4.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/fiducial_pairs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTPLND/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/My2QExample/results/StandardGST/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_go0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/estimates_TP/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Examples/example_files/regaugeopt_example/results/StandardGST/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Testing/Model Selection.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/00-Protocols.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/01-Essential-Objects.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/02-Using-Essential-Objects.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/03-Miscellaneous.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/CircuitSimulation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/DataSimulation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/DatasetComparison.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/DriftCharacterization.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/ErrorGeneratorPropagation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/GST-Driverfunctions.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/GST-Overview-functionbased.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/GST-Overview.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/GST-Protocols.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/IdleTomography.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/MirrorCircuitBenchmarks.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/ModelTesting-functions.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/ModelTesting.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-BinaryRB.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-CliffordRB.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-DirectRB.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-MirrorRB-Universal-Gate-Sets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-MirrorRB.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-MultiRBExperiments.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-Overview.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RB-Samplers.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/RobustPhaseEstimation.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/VolumetricBenchmarks.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/CircuitSimulation-CHP.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/CliffordRB-Simulation-ExplicitModel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/CliffordRB-Simulation-ImplicitModel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/ForwardSimulationTypes.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/GST-FiducialAndGermSelection.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/GST-FiducialPairReduction.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/GST-LowLevel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/GaugeOpt.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/algorithms/advanced/Time-dependent-GST.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/Circuit.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/CircuitLists.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/DataSet.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ExperimentDesign.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ExplicitModel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ImplicitModel.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ModelNoise.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ModelParameterization.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/ProcessorSpec.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/CustomOperator.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/CustomPOVM.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/GSTCircuitConstruction.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/IBMQExperiment.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/Instruments.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/InterpolatedOperators.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/MatrixBases.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/ModelPacks.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/MultiDataSet.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/OperationFactories.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/Operators.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/ParameterBounds.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/ParameterLabels.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/Results.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/StateSpace.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/objects/advanced/TimestampedDataSets.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/other/FileIO.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/other/ParityBenchmarking.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/Metrics.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/ModelAnalysisMetrics.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/ProceduralErrorBars.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/ReportGeneration.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/Workspace.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/WorkspaceExamples.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/reporting/advanced/WorkspaceSwitchboards.ipynb
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/.git_placeholder
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/.placeholder
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/DatasetWith2Passes.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/DatasetWithTimestamps.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Dataset_LowCnts.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_TinyDataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_depolarizedModel.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/GettingStartedDataTemplate.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/MyCircuits.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/MySimulatedDRBData.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/TDDataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/TinyMultiDataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/intermediate_meas_dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_pspec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/timeseries_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/timeseries_probabilities.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/timestamped_dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists3.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists4.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists5.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists6.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists7.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 4 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 5 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 6 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_iteration 7 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_my_gauge_opt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/estimates_GSTwithMyGO/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GSTwithMyGO/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 4 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 5 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 6 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_iteration 7 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/estimates_GateSetTomography/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/GateSetTomography/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 4 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 5 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 6 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_iteration 7 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_CPTP/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 4 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 5 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 6 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_iteration 7 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_Target/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 4 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 5 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 6 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_iteration 7 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/estimates_full TP/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data/results/StandardGST/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists3.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists4.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists5.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists6.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/circuit_lists7.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_GST_Data_LowCnts/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/circuit_lists3.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/_gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/final_objfn_builder.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_final iteration estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_iteration 0 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_iteration 1 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_iteration 2 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_iteration 3 estimate.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_seed.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_stdgaugeopt.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/models_target.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/estimates_GSTwithReducedData/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/badfit_options.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/gaugeopt_suite.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/initial_model.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/objfn_builders.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/Example_Reduced_GST_Data/results/GSTwithReducedData/protocol/optimizer.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/A/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/A/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/A/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/B/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/B/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/B/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/C/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/C/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/C/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_combined_edesign_root/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_edesign_root/edesign/circuits.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_gst_edesign_root/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/0/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/0/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/0/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/1/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/1/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/1/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/example_simultaneous_edesign_root/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists0.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists1.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists2.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists3.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists4.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/circuit_lists5.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/germs.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/meas_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/prep_fiducials.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/processor_spec.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/test_gst_dir/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/data/dataset.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/data/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q0_Q1/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/alt_actual_circuits_executed.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/Q2_Q3/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specA/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/alt_actual_circuits_executed.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q0/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/alt_actual_circuits_executed.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q1/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/alt_actual_circuits_executed.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q2/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/alt_actual_circuits_executed.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/circuit_lists0.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/circuit_lists1.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/idealout_lists.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/subdirs.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/Q3/edesign/default_protocols_ByDepthSummaryStatistics/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/edesign/all_circuits_needing_data.txt
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/edesign/meta.json
jupyter_notebooks/Tutorials/tutorial_files/vb_example/specB/edesign/subdirs.json
pygsti/__init__.py
pygsti/_version.py
pygsti/pgtypes.py
pygsti.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pygsti.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pygsti.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pygsti.egg-info/requires.txt
pygsti.egg-info/top_level.txt
pygsti/algorithms/__init__.py
pygsti/algorithms/compilers.py
pygsti/algorithms/contract.py
pygsti/algorithms/core.py
pygsti/algorithms/fiducialpairreduction.py
pygsti/algorithms/fiducialselection.py
pygsti/algorithms/gaugeopt.py
pygsti/algorithms/germselection.py
pygsti/algorithms/grammatrix.py
pygsti/algorithms/grasp.py
pygsti/algorithms/mirroring.py
pygsti/algorithms/randomcircuit.py
pygsti/algorithms/rbfit.py
pygsti/algorithms/robust_phase_estimation.py
pygsti/algorithms/scoring.py
pygsti/baseobjs/__init__.py
pygsti/baseobjs/_compatibility.py
pygsti/baseobjs/advancedoptions.py
pygsti/baseobjs/basis.py
pygsti/baseobjs/basisconstructors.py
pygsti/baseobjs/errorgenbasis.py
pygsti/baseobjs/errorgenlabel.py
pygsti/baseobjs/errorgenspace.py
pygsti/baseobjs/exceptions.py
pygsti/baseobjs/label.py
pygsti/baseobjs/mongoserializable.py
pygsti/baseobjs/nicelyserializable.py
pygsti/baseobjs/outcomelabeldict.py
pygsti/baseobjs/polynomial.py
pygsti/baseobjs/profiler.py
pygsti/baseobjs/protectedarray.py
pygsti/baseobjs/qubitgraph.py
pygsti/baseobjs/resourceallocation.py
pygsti/baseobjs/smartcache.py
pygsti/baseobjs/statespace.py
pygsti/baseobjs/unitarygatefunction.py
pygsti/baseobjs/verbosityprinter.py
pygsti/baseobjs/opcalc/__init__.py
pygsti/baseobjs/opcalc/fastopcalc.cpp
pygsti/baseobjs/opcalc/fastopcalc.pyx
pygsti/baseobjs/opcalc/slowopcalc.py
pygsti/circuits/__init__.py
pygsti/circuits/circuit.py
pygsti/circuits/circuitconstruction.py
pygsti/circuits/circuitlist.py
pygsti/circuits/circuitstructure.py
pygsti/circuits/cloudcircuitconstruction.py
pygsti/circuits/gstcircuits.py
pygsti/circuits/rpecircuits.py
pygsti/circuits/subcircuit_selection.py
pygsti/circuits/circuitparser/__init__.py
pygsti/circuits/circuitparser/fastcircuitparser.cpp
pygsti/circuits/circuitparser/fastcircuitparser.pyx
pygsti/circuits/circuitparser/slowcircuitparser.py
pygsti/data/__init__.py
pygsti/data/datacomparator.py
pygsti/data/dataset.py
pygsti/data/datasetconstruction.py
pygsti/data/freedataset.py
pygsti/data/hypothesistest.py
pygsti/data/multidataset.py
pygsti/data/rpedata.py
pygsti/drivers/__init__.py
pygsti/drivers/bootstrap.py
pygsti/drivers/longsequence.py
pygsti/errorgenpropagation/__init__.py
pygsti/errorgenpropagation/errorpropagator.py
pygsti/errorgenpropagation/localstimerrorgen.py
pygsti/evotypes/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/basecreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/basecreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/basereps.py
pygsti/evotypes/basereps_cython.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/basereps_cython.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/basereps_cython.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/evotype.py
pygsti/evotypes/chp/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/chp/effectreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/chp/opreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/chp/povmreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/chp/statereps.py
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/effectcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/effectcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/effectreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/effectreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/effectreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/opcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/opcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/opreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/opreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/opreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/statecreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/statecreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/statereps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/statereps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx/statereps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx_slow/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx_slow/effectreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx_slow/opreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/densitymx_slow/statereps.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/effectcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/effectcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/effectreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/effectreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/effectreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/opcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/opcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/opreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/opreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/opreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/statecreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/statecreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/statereps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/statereps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/statereps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/termcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/termcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/termreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/termreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer/termreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer_slow/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer_slow/effectreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer_slow/opreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer_slow/stabilizer.py
pygsti/evotypes/stabilizer_slow/statereps.py
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/effectcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/effectcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/effectreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/effectreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/effectreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/opcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/opcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/opreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/opreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/opreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/statecreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/statecreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/statereps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/statereps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/statereps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/termcreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/termcreps.h
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/termreps.cpp
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/termreps.pxd
pygsti/evotypes/statevec/termreps.pyx
pygsti/evotypes/statevec_slow/__init__.py
pygsti/evotypes/statevec_slow/effectreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/statevec_slow/opreps.py
pygsti/evotypes/statevec_slow/statereps.py
pygsti/extras/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/crosstalk/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/crosstalk/core.py
pygsti/extras/crosstalk/objects.py
pygsti/extras/devices/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/devices/devcore.py
pygsti/extras/devices/experimentaldevice.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_algiers.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_athens.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_auckland.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_belem.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_bogota.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_brisbane.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_burlington.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_cairo.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_cambridge.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_casablanca.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_essex.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_guadalupe.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_hanoi.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_kolkata.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_lagos.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_lima.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_london.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_manhattan.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_manila.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_melbourne.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_montreal.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_mumbai.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_nairobi.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_nazca.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_ourense.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_perth.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_quito.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_rome.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_rueschlikon.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_santiago.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_sherbrooke.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_sydney.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_tenerife.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_toronto.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_vigo.py
pygsti/extras/devices/ibmq_yorktown.py
pygsti/extras/devices/rigetti_agave.py
pygsti/extras/devices/rigetti_aspen4.py
pygsti/extras/devices/rigetti_aspen6.py
pygsti/extras/devices/rigetti_aspen7.py
pygsti/extras/drift/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/drift/driftreport.py
pygsti/extras/drift/probtrajectory.py
pygsti/extras/drift/signal.py
pygsti/extras/drift/stabilityanalyzer.py
pygsti/extras/drift/trmodel.py
pygsti/extras/ibmq/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/ibmq/ibmqexperiment.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/idtcore.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/idtreport.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/idtresults.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/idttools.py
pygsti/extras/idletomography/pauliobjs.py
pygsti/extras/interpygate/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/interpygate/core.py
pygsti/extras/interpygate/process_tomography.py
pygsti/extras/lfh/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/lfh/lfherrorgen.py
pygsti/extras/lfh/lfhforwardsims.py
pygsti/extras/lfh/lfhmodel.py
pygsti/extras/paritybenchmarking/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/paritybenchmarking/disturbancecalc.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/__init__.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig_GxPi2_GyPi2_00.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconfig_GxPi2_GyPi2_UpDn.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/rpeconstruction.py
pygsti/extras/rpe/rpetools.py
pygsti/forwardsims/__init__.py
pygsti/forwardsims/distforwardsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/forwardsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/mapforwardsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/mapforwardsim_calc_densitymx.cpp
pygsti/forwardsims/mapforwardsim_calc_densitymx.pyx
pygsti/forwardsims/mapforwardsim_calc_generic.py
pygsti/forwardsims/matrixforwardsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/successfailfwdsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim_calc_generic.py
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim_calc_stabilizer.cpp
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim_calc_stabilizer.pyx
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim_calc_statevec.cpp
pygsti/forwardsims/termforwardsim_calc_statevec.pyx
pygsti/forwardsims/torchfwdsim.py
pygsti/forwardsims/weakforwardsim.py
pygsti/io/__init__.py
pygsti/io/metadir.py
pygsti/io/mongodb.py
pygsti/io/readers.py
pygsti/io/stdinput.py
pygsti/io/writers.py
pygsti/layouts/__init__.py
pygsti/layouts/cachedlayout.py
pygsti/layouts/copalayout.py
pygsti/layouts/distlayout.py
pygsti/layouts/evaltree.py
pygsti/layouts/maplayout.py
pygsti/layouts/matrixlayout.py
pygsti/layouts/prefixtable.py
pygsti/layouts/termlayout.py
pygsti/modelmembers/__init__.py
pygsti/modelmembers/errorgencontainer.py
pygsti/modelmembers/modelmember.py
pygsti/modelmembers/modelmembergraph.py
pygsti/modelmembers/term.py
pygsti/modelmembers/torchable.py
pygsti/modelmembers/instruments/__init__.py
pygsti/modelmembers/instruments/instrument.py
pygsti/modelmembers/instruments/tpinstrument.py
pygsti/modelmembers/instruments/tpinstrumentop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/__init__.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/affineshiftop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/composederrorgen.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/composedop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/denseop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/depolarizeop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/eigpdenseop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/embeddederrorgen.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/embeddedop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/experrorgenop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/fullarbitraryop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/fullcptpop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/fulltpop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/fullunitaryop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/identitypluserrorgenop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/krausop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/lindbladcoefficients.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/lindbladerrorgen.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/linearop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/lpdenseop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/opfactory.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/repeatedop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/staticarbitraryop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/staticcliffordop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/staticstdop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/staticunitaryop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/operations/stochasticop.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/__init__.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/basepovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/complementeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/composedeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/composedpovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/computationaleffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/computationalpovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/conjugatedeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/effect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/fulleffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/fullpureeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/marginalizedpovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/povm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/staticeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/staticpureeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/tensorprodeffect.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/tensorprodpovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/tppovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/povms/unconstrainedpovm.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/__init__.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/composedstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/computationalstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/cptpstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/densestate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/fullpurestate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/fullstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/purestate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/state.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/staticpurestate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/staticstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/tensorprodstate.py
pygsti/modelmembers/states/tpstate.py
pygsti/modelpacks/__init__.py
pygsti/modelpacks/_modelpack.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_XY.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_XYI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_XYZI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_XZ.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_Xpi2_rpe.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_Ypi2_rpe.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_ZN.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq1Q_pi4_pi2_XZ.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XXII.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XXII_condensed.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XXYYII.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XXYYII_condensed.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XY.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYCNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYCPHASE.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYI1.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYI2.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYICNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYICPHASE.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYXX.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYZICNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/smq2Q_XYZZ.py
pygsti/modelpacks/stdtarget.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/__init__.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_Cliffords.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_XY.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_XYI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_XYZI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_XZ.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_ZN.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std1Q_pi4_pi2_XZ.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XXII.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XXYYII.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XY.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYCNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYCPHASE.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYI.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYI1.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYI2.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYICNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYICPHASE.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/std2Q_XYZICNOT.py
pygsti/modelpacks/legacy/stdQT_XYIMS.py
pygsti/models/__init__.py
pygsti/models/cloudnoisemodel.py
pygsti/models/explicitcalc.py
pygsti/models/explicitmodel.py
pygsti/models/fogistore.py
pygsti/models/gaugegroup.py
pygsti/models/implicitmodel.py
pygsti/models/layerrules.py
pygsti/models/localnoisemodel.py
pygsti/models/memberdict.py
pygsti/models/model.py
pygsti/models/modelconstruction.py
pygsti/models/modelnoise.py
pygsti/models/modelparaminterposer.py
pygsti/models/oplessmodel.py
pygsti/models/qutrit.py
pygsti/models/rpemodel.py
pygsti/models/stencillabel.py
pygsti/objectivefns/__init__.py
pygsti/objectivefns/objectivefns.py
pygsti/objectivefns/wildcardbudget.py
pygsti/optimize/__init__.py
pygsti/optimize/arraysinterface.py
pygsti/optimize/customcg.py
pygsti/optimize/customlm.py
pygsti/optimize/customsolve.py
pygsti/optimize/optimize.py
pygsti/optimize/simplerlm.py
pygsti/optimize/wildcardopt.py
pygsti/processors/__init__.py
pygsti/processors/compilationrules.py
pygsti/processors/processorspec.py
pygsti/processors/random_compilation.py
pygsti/protocols/__init__.py
pygsti/protocols/confidenceregionfactory.py
pygsti/protocols/estimate.py
pygsti/protocols/freeformsim.py
pygsti/protocols/gst.py
pygsti/protocols/mirror_edesign.py
pygsti/protocols/modeltest.py
pygsti/protocols/protocol.py
pygsti/protocols/rb.py
pygsti/protocols/rpe.py
pygsti/protocols/stability.py
pygsti/protocols/treenode.py
pygsti/protocols/vb.py
pygsti/protocols/vbdataframe.py
pygsti/report/__init__.py
pygsti/report/autotitle.py
pygsti/report/cell.py
pygsti/report/colormaps.py
pygsti/report/convert.py
pygsti/report/factory.py
pygsti/report/figure.py
pygsti/report/fogidiagram.py
pygsti/report/formatter.py
pygsti/report/formatters.py
pygsti/report/html.py
pygsti/report/latex.py
pygsti/report/merge_helpers.py
pygsti/report/modelfunction.py
pygsti/report/mpl_colormaps.py
pygsti/report/notebook.py
pygsti/report/notebookcell.py
pygsti/report/parse_notebook_text.py
pygsti/report/plothelpers.py
pygsti/report/plotly_plot_ex.py
pygsti/report/python.py
pygsti/report/report.py
pygsti/report/reportableqty.py
pygsti/report/reportables.py
pygsti/report/row.py
pygsti/report/table.py
pygsti/report/textblock.py
pygsti/report/vbplot.py
pygsti/report/workspace.py
pygsti/report/workspaceplots.py
pygsti/report/workspacetables.py
pygsti/report/workspacetexts.py
pygsti/report/fonts/NotoSansMono-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/fonts/OpenSans-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/section/__init__.py
pygsti/report/section/datacomparison.py
pygsti/report/section/drift.py
pygsti/report/section/gauge.py
pygsti/report/section/goodness.py
pygsti/report/section/help.py
pygsti/report/section/idle.py
pygsti/report/section/meta.py
pygsti/report/section/summary.py
pygsti/report/templates/CodeCell.json
pygsti/report/templates/Empty.ipynb
pygsti/report/templates/MDcell.json
pygsti/report/templates/standalone.html
pygsti/report/templates/standalone.tex
pygsti/report/templates/standard_pdf_report.tex
pygsti/report/templates/drift_html_report/main.html
pygsti/report/templates/drift_html_report/tabs/AjaxError.html
pygsti/report/templates/drift_html_report/tabs/Drift.html
pygsti/report/templates/idletomography_html_report/main.html
pygsti/report/templates/idletomography_html_report/tabs/AjaxError.html
pygsti/report/templates/idletomography_html_report/tabs/DataComparison.html
pygsti/report/templates/idletomography_html_report/tabs/IdleTomography.html
pygsti/report/templates/offline/README.txt
pygsti/report/templates/offline/auto-render.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/jquery-3.6.4.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/jquery-ui.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/jupyterlibload.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/katex.css
pygsti/report/templates/offline/katex.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/masonry.pkgd.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/plotly-3.0.1.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dashboard.css
pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dashboard.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_dataviz.css
pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_fonts.css
pygsti/report/templates/offline/pygsti_plotly_ex.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/require.min.js
pygsti/report/templates/offline/smoothness-jquery-ui.css
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.eot
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.ttf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.woff
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.woff2
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbi.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbx.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunbxo.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunrm.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunsi.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunss.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunsx.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/fonts/cmunti.otf
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-16x16.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-32x32.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/favicon-96x96.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/pyGSTi_icon.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png
pygsti/report/templates/offline/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/data_comparison.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/gauge_invariant.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/gauge_variant.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/goodness.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/input.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/meta.txt
pygsti/report/templates/report_notebook/summary.txt
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/main.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/AjaxError.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/DataComparison.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeInvariants_gates.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeInvariants_germs.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeVariants.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeVariants_decomp.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeVariants_errgen.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/GaugeVariants_raw.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Goodness.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Goodness_colorboxplot.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Goodness_scaling.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Goodness_unmodeled.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Help.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/IdleTomography.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Input.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Meta.html
pygsti/report/templates/standard_html_report/tabs/Summary.html
pygsti/serialization/__init__.py
pygsti/serialization/jsoncodec.py
pygsti/tools/__init__.py
pygsti/tools/basistools.py
pygsti/tools/bsqale.py
pygsti/tools/chi2fns.py
pygsti/tools/compilationtools.py
pygsti/tools/dataframetools.py
pygsti/tools/edesigntools.py
pygsti/tools/errgenproptools.py
pygsti/tools/exceptions.py
pygsti/tools/fastcalc.c
pygsti/tools/fastcalc.pyx
pygsti/tools/fogitools.py
pygsti/tools/gatetools.py
pygsti/tools/group.py
pygsti/tools/hypothesis.py
pygsti/tools/internalgates.py
pygsti/tools/jamiolkowski.py
pygsti/tools/leakage.py
pygsti/tools/legacytools.py
pygsti/tools/likelihoodfns.py
pygsti/tools/lindbladtools.py
pygsti/tools/listtools.py
pygsti/tools/matrixmod2.py
pygsti/tools/matrixtools.py
pygsti/tools/mcfetools.py
pygsti/tools/mpitools.py
pygsti/tools/mptools.py
pygsti/tools/nameddict.py
pygsti/tools/optools.py
pygsti/tools/opttools.py
pygsti/tools/pdftools.py
pygsti/tools/profile.py
pygsti/tools/rbtheory.py
pygsti/tools/rbtools.py
pygsti/tools/sdptools.py
pygsti/tools/sharedmemtools.py
pygsti/tools/slicetools.py
pygsti/tools/symplectic.py
pygsti/tools/typeddict.py
scripts/api_names.yaml
scripts/autoformat.sh
scripts/cleanup_api_names.py
scripts/clear_notebook_output.py
scripts/do-critical-linting.sh
scripts/do-linting.sh
scripts/find_missing_docstrings.py
scripts/importtestscript.py
scripts/matplotlib_to_plotly_cmap.py
scripts/plantuml_parser.py
scripts/setup_hooks.sh
scripts/upgrade2v0.9.7.py
scripts/upgrade_stdmodule.py
scripts/advanced_report/20Replica.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/AdvancedFileLoading.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/AdvancedReport.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/AdvancedReportCreation.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/HelloWorld.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/Lorem.ipynb
scripts/advanced_report/advanced_report.py
scripts/advanced_report/build_tutorial_20.py
scripts/advanced_report/create.py
scripts/advanced_report/templates/lorem.md
scripts/advanced_report/templates/lorem.py
scripts/advanced_report/templates/nbtext.txt
scripts/advanced_report/templates/setup.py
scripts/git/create_git_html
scripts/git/hooksettings.py
scripts/git/post-commit
scripts/git/post-merge
scripts/git/pre-commit
scripts/git/pre-push
scripts/git/prepare-commit-msg
scripts/mpi/mpi
scripts/mpi/parallel_apply.py
scripts/profiling/build_profile.py
scripts/profiling/move_output
scripts/profiling/percents.py
scripts/profiling/pickling.py
scripts/profiling/compare/import.py
scripts/profiling/data/Analyze 2Q data.ipynb
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/1qbasic.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/3Q_example.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/3q_basic.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/basic.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/bench_obj_fn.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/build_results.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/cp.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/create_scaling_graph.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/load.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/mxmul.py
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/set_env.sh
scripts/profiling/gaugeopt/tp.py
scripts/profiling/report/create_pkl.py
scripts/profiling/report/gatestring_hashing.py
scripts/profiling/report/gen.py
scripts/profiling/report/native_hashing.py
scripts/profiling/report/pickling.py
scripts/profiling/report/report_example.py
scripts/profiling/report/report_full.py
scripts/profiling/report/reuse.py
test/.coveragerc
test/__init__.py
test/checkDocs.py
test/duplicated.py
test/lint.py
test/runTests.py
test/config/pylint_config.json
test/helpers/__init__.py
test/helpers/automation_tools/__init__.py
test/helpers/automation_tools/jsonwrapper.py
test/helpers/automation_tools/utilities.py
test/helpers/pylint/__init__.py
test/helpers/pylint/findErrors.py
test/helpers/pylint/findWarnings.py
test/helpers/pylint/helpers.py
test/helpers/pylint/lintAll.py
test/helpers/pylint/lookFor.py
test/helpers/pylint/pylint_messages.txt
test/helpers/pylint/runAdjustables.py
test/helpers/pylint/score.py
test/helpers/pylint/output/cyclic-import.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/duplicate-code.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/errors.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/if.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/missingdocs.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/out.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/rawexcept.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/specific.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/todos.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-arguments.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-boolean-expressions.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-branches.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-instance-attributes.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-locals.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-return-statements.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/too-many-statements.txt
test/helpers/pylint/output/unused-import.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/unused.out
test/helpers/pylint/output/warnings.out
test/helpers/scripts/runCoverageTests.sh
test/output/.placeholder
test/output/coverage/.placeholder
test/output/dup/.placeholder
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_algorithms.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_construction.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_drivers.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_io.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_objects.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_optimize.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_report.html
test/output/duplicated/duplicated_tools.html
test/output/pylint/.placeholder
test/performance/README.md
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/1.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/16-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/2-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/32-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/4-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/64-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/8-x.sbatch
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/extract_timings.py
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/run.sh
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/run_me_with_mpirun.py
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/sbatch-all.sh
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/reference-8955f5d/2Dspeedup.pdf
test/performance/mpi_2D_scaling/reference-8955f5d/timings.json
test/test_packages/.coveragerc
test/test_packages/__init__.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/__init__.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/algorithmsTestCase.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/basecase.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/test_core.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/test_fiducialpairreduction.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/test_fogi_gst.py
test/test_packages/algorithms/test_germselection.py
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_none.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_none.txt.cache
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/Fake_Dataset_round.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/IFPR_fidPairs_dict.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis.model
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/analysis_lgst.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/calcMethods1Q_redmod.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/create_reference_files.py
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/deprecated.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/idt_nQsequenceCache.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_1Q_seqs.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Q.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Q_seqs.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/nqubit_2Qterms.cache
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.dataset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.gateset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.gateset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.3.results.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.dataset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.dataset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.gateset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.gateset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.6.results.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.dataset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.dataset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.gateset.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.gateset.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/pygsti0.9.7.results.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/rb_io_test.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/repLib_dprobs.pkl
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/report_dashboard_template.html
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/reportgen2.dataset
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/rpe_test_ds.txt
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_redmod_exact.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_redmod_terms.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_std_exact.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_std_prunedpath.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/test1Qcalc_std_terms.json
test/test_packages/cmp_chk_files/timeseries_data_trunc.txt
test/test_packages/construction/__init__.py
test/test_packages/construction/test_gateconstruction.py
test/test_packages/construction/test_gatesetconstruction.py
test/test_packages/drivers/__init__.py
test/test_packages/drivers/demoCalcMethods2Q.py
test/test_packages/drivers/test_calcmethods1Q.py
test/test_packages/drivers/test_continuousgates.py
test/test_packages/drivers/test_drivers.py
test/test_packages/drivers/test_nqubit.py
test/test_packages/drivers/test_timedep.py
test/test_packages/extras/__init__.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_drift.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_idt.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_interpygate.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_rb.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_rpe.py
test/test_packages/extras/test_rpeobjects.py
test/test_packages/iotest/__init__.py
test/test_packages/iotest/references.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_codecs.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_loaders.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_niceserialization.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_stdinput.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_stdinputparser.py
test/test_packages/iotest/test_writers.py
test/test_packages/objects/__init__.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_advancedgatesetparameterization.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_circuit.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_datasets.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_evaltree.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_gatesets.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_hessian.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_instruments.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_labeldicts.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_labels.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_opfactories.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_printermpi.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_processorspec.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_profiler.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_replib.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_resultsandestimate.py
test/test_packages/objects/test_spamvecs.py
test/test_packages/optimize/__init__.py
test/test_packages/report/__init__.py
test/test_packages/report/reportBaseCase.py
test/test_packages/report/test_report.py
test/test_packages/reportb/__init__.py
test/test_packages/reportb/test_colormaps.py
test/test_packages/reportb/test_notebook.py
test/test_packages/reportb/test_reportables.py
test/test_packages/reportb/test_workspace.py
test/test_packages/temp_test_files/.placeholder
test/test_packages/testutils/__init__.py
test/test_packages/testutils/basecase.py
test/test_packages/tools/__init__.py
test/test_packages/tools/test_logl.py
test/unit/__init__.py
test/unit/conftest.py
test/unit/util.py
test/unit/algorithms/__init__.py
test/unit/algorithms/fixtures.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_compilers.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_contract.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_core.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_fiducialpairreduction.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_fiducialselection.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_gaugeopt_correctness.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_gaugeopt_noerrors.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_germselection.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_grammatrix.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_grasp.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_randomcircuit.py
test/unit/algorithms/test_scoring.py
test/unit/construction/__init__.py
test/unit/construction/test_circuitconstruction.py
test/unit/construction/test_datasetconstruction.py
test/unit/construction/test_gateconstruction.py
test/unit/construction/test_modelconstruction.py
test/unit/construction/test_nqnoiseconstruction.py
test/unit/construction/test_qutrit.py
test/unit/construction/test_stdlists.py
test/unit/drivers/__init__.py
test/unit/drivers/fixtures.py
test/unit/drivers/test_bootstrap.py
test/unit/drivers/test_longsequence.py
test/unit/extras/__init__.py
test/unit/extras/ibmq/__init__.py
test/unit/extras/ibmq/test_ibmqexperiment.py
test/unit/extras/interpygate/__init__.py
test/unit/extras/interpygate/test_construction.py
test/unit/extras/rb/__init__.py
test/unit/extras/rb/test_analysis.py
test/unit/extras/rb/test_group.py
test/unit/extras/rb/test_sample.py
test/unit/extras/rb/test_theory.py
test/unit/extras/rpe/__init__.py
test/unit/extras/rpe/test_rpeconfig.py
test/unit/extras/rpe/test_rpeconstruction.py
test/unit/extras/rpe/test_rpetools.py
test/unit/io/__init__.py
test/unit/io/test_circuitparser.py
test/unit/io/test_mongo.py
test/unit/io/test_nice_serialization.py
test/unit/io/test_stdinput.py
test/unit/modelmembers/__init__.py
test/unit/modelmembers/test_kraus_interface.py
test/unit/modelmembers/test_modelmember.py
test/unit/modelmembers/test_modelmembergraph.py
test/unit/modelmembers/test_operation.py
test/unit/modelmembers/test_spamvec.py
test/unit/modelpacks/__init__.py
test/unit/modelpacks/test_modelpack.py
test/unit/mpi/run_me_with_mpiexec.py
test/unit/mpi/test_mpi.py
test/unit/objects/__init__.py
test/unit/objects/fixtures.py
test/unit/objects/smqfixtures.py
test/unit/objects/test_basis.py
test/unit/objects/test_circuit.py
test/unit/objects/test_circuitstructure.py
test/unit/objects/test_composed_spam.py
test/unit/objects/test_cython_build.py
test/unit/objects/test_datacomparator.py
test/unit/objects/test_dataset.py
test/unit/objects/test_errorgenbasis.py
test/unit/objects/test_errorgenlabel.py
test/unit/objects/test_errorgenpropagation.py
test/unit/objects/test_estimate.py
test/unit/objects/test_explicitmodel.py
test/unit/objects/test_fogi.py
test/unit/objects/test_forwardsim.py
test/unit/objects/test_gaugegroup.py
test/unit/objects/test_instrument.py
test/unit/objects/test_label.py
test/unit/objects/test_labeldicts.py
test/unit/objects/test_localnoisemodel.py
test/unit/objects/test_model.py
test/unit/objects/test_model_updates_after_creation.py
test/unit/objects/test_modelfunction.py
test/unit/objects/test_modelnoise.py
test/unit/objects/test_multidataset.py
test/unit/objects/test_objectivefns.py
test/unit/objects/test_opcalc.py
test/unit/objects/test_polynomial.py
test/unit/objects/test_prefixtable.py
test/unit/objects/test_processorspec.py
test/unit/objects/test_protectedarray.py
test/unit/objects/test_replib.py
test/unit/objects/test_reportableqty.py
test/unit/objects/test_results.py
test/unit/objects/test_smartcache.py
test/unit/objects/test_subcirc_selection.py
test/unit/objects/test_verbosityprinter.py
test/unit/optimize/__init__.py
test/unit/optimize/test_customcg.py
test/unit/optimize/test_optimize.py
test/unit/optimize/test_simplerlm.py
test/unit/processors/__init__.py
test/unit/processors/test_cp.py
test/unit/processors/test_rc.py
test/unit/protocols/__init__.py
test/unit/protocols/test_dataframe_1.csv
test/unit/protocols/test_dataframe_2.csv
test/unit/protocols/test_gst.py
test/unit/protocols/test_mirror_edesign.py
test/unit/protocols/test_protocols.py
test/unit/protocols/test_rb.py
test/unit/protocols/test_vb.py
test/unit/protocols/test_vbdataframe.py
test/unit/report/__init__.py
test/unit/report/test_colormaps.py
test/unit/report/test_formatter.py
test/unit/report/test_table.py
test/unit/report/test_textblock.py
test/unit/tools/__init__.py
test/unit/tools/fixtures.py
test/unit/tools/test_basisconstructors.py
test/unit/tools/test_basistools.py
test/unit/tools/test_chi2fns.py
test/unit/tools/test_edesigntools.py
test/unit/tools/test_errgenproptools.py
test/unit/tools/test_internalgates.py
test/unit/tools/test_jamiolkowski.py
test/unit/tools/test_leakage_gst_pipeline.py
test/unit/tools/test_legacytools.py
test/unit/tools/test_likelihoodfns.py
test/unit/tools/test_lindbladtools.py
test/unit/tools/test_listtools.py
test/unit/tools/test_matrixtools.py
test/unit/tools/test_optools.py
test/unit/tools/test_opttools.py
test/unit/tools/test_pdftools.py
test/unit/tools/test_slicetools.py
test/unit/tools/test_symplectic.py