#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via msrestazure
alembic==1.13.2
    # via flask-migrate
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via azure-cli
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azure-cli-telemetry
argcomplete==3.3.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
attrs==24.2.0
    # via jsonschema
azure-appconfiguration==1.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-batch==14.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli==2.63.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-core==2.63.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-cli-telemetry==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resourcegraph
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrest
azure-cosmos==3.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-data-tables==12.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via azure-cli
azure-graphrbac==0.60.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-administration==4.4.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.7.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.9.0b3
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.7.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-advisor==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appconfiguration==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-appcontainers==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-applicationinsights==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batch==17.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-batchai==7.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-billing==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-botservice==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices==13.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-compute==31.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-containerservice==31.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-core==1.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-resourcegraph
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==9.5.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-databoxedge==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-datamigration==10.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==4.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-dns==8.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventgrid==10.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-eventhub==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-extendedlocation==1.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-imagebuilder==1.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iotcentral==10.0.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothub==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-keyvault==10.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-kusto==0.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managedservices==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-maps==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-media==9.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-monitor==5.0.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-msi==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-netapp==10.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-policyinsights==1.1.0b4
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==3.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift==1.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-redis==14.3.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resource==23.1.1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-resourcegraph==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-search==9.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-security==6.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicebus==8.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabric==2.1.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters==2.0.0b6
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-servicelinker==1.2.0b2
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-signalr==2.0.0b1
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b17
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine==1.0.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-storage==21.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-subscription==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-synapse==2.1.0b5
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.0.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-mgmt-web==7.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-monitor-query==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-multiapi-storage==1.2.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-storage-blob==12.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-common==1.4.2
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-accesscontrol==0.5.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-artifacts==0.19.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints==0.4.0
    # via azure-cli
azure-synapse-spark==0.2.0
    # via azure-cli
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
bidict==0.23.1
    # via python-socketio
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via azure-cli
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via azure-cli
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
decorator==5.1.1
    # via fabric
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   fabric
    #   pygithub
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
fabric==3.2.2
    # via azure-cli
filelock==3.15.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-socketio
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-socketio==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via azure-cli-core
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask
importlib-resources==6.4.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-restx
    #   jsonschema
invoke==2.2.0
    # via fabric
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-appconfiguration
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cognitiveservices
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-imagebuilder
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-netapp
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redhatopenshift
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-security
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabric
    #   azure-mgmt-servicefabricmanagedclusters
    #   azure-mgmt-servicelinker
    #   azure-mgmt-signalr
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-synapse-artifacts
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
javaproperties==0.5.2
    # via azure-cli
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via azure-cli
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via flask-restx
knack==0.11.0
    # via azure-cli-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msal[broker]==1.30.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-appconfiguration
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-advisor
    #   azure-mgmt-appcontainers
    #   azure-mgmt-applicationinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-batchai
    #   azure-mgmt-billing
    #   azure-mgmt-botservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-databoxedge
    #   azure-mgmt-datamigration
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventgrid
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-extendedlocation
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-iotcentral
    #   azure-mgmt-iothubprovisioningservices
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-maps
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-media
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-msi
    #   azure-mgmt-policyinsights
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-resourcegraph
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-sqlvirtualmachine
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
    #   azure-mgmt-synapse
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-synapse-accesscontrol
    #   azure-synapse-managedprivateendpoints
    #   azure-synapse-spark
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   azure-batch
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-kusto
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
numpy==1.24.4
    # via pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
ovh==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
pandas==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.4.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   fabric
    #   scp
    #   sshtunnel
pkginfo==1.11.1
    # via azure-cli-core
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-telemetry
    #   msal-extensions
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli-core
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycomposefile==0.0.31
    # via azure-cli
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.59.1
    # via azure-cli
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   knack
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   paramiko
    #   pygithub
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via azure-cli-core
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-engineio==4.9.1
    # via python-socketio
python-socketio==5.11.3
    # via flask-socketio
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   knack
    #   pycomposefile
rclone-python==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-multiapi-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   ovh
    #   pygithub
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   ovh
rich==13.9.2
    # via rclone-python
scp==0.13.6
    # via azure-cli
semver==2.13.0
    # via azure-cli
simple-websocket==1.0.0
    # via python-engineio
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   isodate
    #   javaproperties
    #   msrestazure
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
sshtunnel==0.1.5
    # via azure-cli
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-cli
    #   knack
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-administration
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-monitor-query
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   rich
    #   urwid
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   azure-cli
    #   requests
urwid==2.6.15
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via urwid
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via azure-cli
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via simple-websocket
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via azure-cli
zipp==3.20.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
